import { Canvas, Meta, Source, ArgTypes } from '@storybook/addon-docs/blocks';

import * as Stories from './index.stories';

<Meta of={Stories} />

# Component Name

<Source language="jsx" code="import { ComponentName } from '@rypak/ui'" />

## Overview

A brief description of the component and its purpose. This section should
provide an overview of the component's functionality and how it fits into the
overall design system.

Example text:

An `Accordion` is a panel that is vertically stacked with other `Accordions` and
can be opened and closed independent of the others. They're used to organize
sections of related content on a page and reduce clutter by having them closed
by default until a user opens them.

There are two sizes:

- Large (High emphasis)
- Medium (Low emphasis)

The `Accordion` includes:

- Title
- Content

The `Accordion` Title can include:

- Label
- Icon and Label

## Examples

This section should provide examples of how to use the component in different
contexts. Let it blank so the developer should populate it.

{/* Ideally for each variant prop, one section like this */}

{/* ### Label */}

{/* Then List variation options */}

{/* #### Large */}

{/* <Canvas of={Stories.MyLargeLabelStory} /> */}

{/* #### Medium */}

{/* ...etc */}

## Design Guidelines

This section should provide design guidelines for using the component. It should
include information about when to use the component, how to use it, and any best
practices or considerations to keep in mind.

## UI Copy

This section shows the best practices for writing UI copy. It should include
information about avoding large labels, or do not use italic or bold in
different contexts.

## Accessibility

This section should provide information about the accessibility features of the
component. It should include information about how the component is designed to
be accessible to users with disabilities, and any best practices or
considerations to keep in mind when using the component.

## API

### Usage

This section should provide information about how to use the component in code.
It should include information about the component's API, including any
properties, methods, and events that are available. Most of the times this will
be a <Source/> block with the code example.

#### Tricky/smart use case that we can do (for example toggle a state imperatively, etc...)

Show description of the use case, the code and how to do it.

#### Another use case

{/* ... */}

### Properties

<ArgTypes of={Stories} />

### Caveats and Limitations

This section should provide information about any caveats or limitations of the
component. It should include information about any known issues, limitations,
and workarounds that are available. It should also include information about any
known compatibility issues with other components or libraries.
